[Excel] (Custom Functions) Updates to AsyncStorage docs + save/state (#924)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/excel/custom-functions-overview.md

In some cases you'll need to get the address of the cell that invoked your custom function. This may be useful in the following types of scenarios:

> - Formatting ranges: Use the cell's address as the key to store information in [Office.Storage](/office/dev/add-ins/excel/custom-functions-runtime#storing-and-accessing-data). Then, use [onCalculated](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheet#oncalculated) in Excel to load the key from `Office.Storage`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Formatting ranges: Use the cell's address as the key to store information in the [Office.Storage object](/office/dev/add-ins/excel/custom-functions-runtime#storing-and-accessing-data). Then, use [onCalculated](/javascript/api/excel/excel.worksheet#oncalculated) in Excel to load the key from the `Office.Storage` object.
```

> - Displaying cached values: If your function is used offline, display stored cached values from `Office.Storage` using `onCalculated`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Displaying cached values: If your function is used offline, display stored cached values from the `Storage` object using `onCalculated`.
```
